Issue1069 check for model/gltf.binary content type and accept (#1075)
OfficeDev/Open-XML-SDK: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.14.x] - 2021-11-23

### Added

> - Virtual content type checking for OpenXmlPart and derived types and model/gltf.binary fix (#1069)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added virtual method for content type checking in `OpenXmlPart` and fixed issue for `model/gltf.binary` (#1069)
```
